OSSM-12332 Update New features, enhancements, bug fixes, and known issues for 3.3 RNs (#107146)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/ossm-release-notes-3-3-fixed-issues.adoc

// Module included in the following assemblies:
//
// * service-mesh-docs-main/ossm-release-notes/ossm-release-notes.adoc

:_mod-docs-content-type: REFERENCE
[id="ossm-release-3-3-fixed-issues_{context}"]
= {SMProductName} version 3.3 fixed issues

[role="_abstract"]

This release addresses enhancements, fixed issues, and Common Vulnerabilities and Exposures (CVEs).

Halting unnecessary {ossmc-full} pod redeployments::

Before this update, {KialiProduct} was incorrectly reconciling {ossmc-full} every ten hours due to a misconfigured watches setup. As a consequence, Kiali operator triggered unnecessary pod redeployment for {ossmc-full}, affecting application stability in production. With this release, the Kiali Operator reconciliation period has been changed to zero, halting periodic console pod redeployment. As a result, the Kiali Operator no longer triggers console pod redeployment every 10 hours, improving production environment stability.
+
link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/OSSM-12420[OSSM-12420]

> Eliminated spurious warnings for unmanaged namespaces in Kiali logs::

Reviewer: To use simpler words to better readability score:
```suggestion
Removed false warnings for unmanaged namespaces in Kiali logs::
```

> Before this update, Kiali logged warnings for namespaces without the required sidecar label, causing a flood of logs. As a consequence, user experience was flooded with warnings in Kiali logs for namespaces not managed by {istio} control plane due to incorrect `GetRootNamespace` determination. With this release, the spurious warnings in Kiali logs for namespaces not managed by {istio} control plane are eliminated. As a result, user experience is improved by reducing unnecessary log messages.

Reviewer: To remove informal wording, plus the first and second sentence mostly repeat each other -> remove for minimalism (remove ", causing a flood of logs" since the next sentences gives the cause):

```suggestion
Before this update, Kiali logged warnings for namespaces without the required sidecar label. As a consequence, users experienced excessive warnings in Kiali logs for namespaces not managed by {istio} control plane due to incorrect `GetRootNamespace` determination. With this release, the false warnings in Kiali logs for namespaces not managed by {istio} control plane are removed. As a result, user experience is improved by reducing unnecessary log messages.
```
